# Solution for Ticketing System Issue
* All incoming alerts should have a severity attached to them, along with an expected response time and resolution time from the SRE team. This is critical for being able to prioritize incoming work. If alerts cannot be easily converted over to this prioritization flow, they must be reconfigured

* As the problem is presented, it appears that 22 / 30 tickets are related to failures of type EndpointRegistrationTransientFailure. This failure seems to indicate that the issue might be self-resolving and immediate action would be wasted. Instead of configuring an alert that involves an on-call SRE for resolution, perhaps an effort to examine why this issue is occuring in the first place would be a better place to start. If appropriate, perhaps this alert shoud be disabled altogether, as any and all alerts should be actionable. In parallel, the root cause for this should be investigated by the SRE team to determine why this is being triggered. If an automated action is appropriate, bash scripts, cloud automation workflows (e.g. Azure Function Apps), or a number of other tools would suffice to take immediate action without human intervention.

* Error messages realated to batch processing job failures for the LLM indicate that something has gone wrong that needs to be resolved. Typically, this resolution would involve an on-call SRE re-runing an upload job or ETL data pipeline. In these cases, we should look into automating retries for the jobs incase of failures, that way, human intervention should not be required. These could be accomplished via a manually triggered pipline, cloud automation workflows, or really anywhere that a script could be triggered via a check for the status conditions of the job.

Assuming that the above changes have been implemented, that would reduce the number of actionable tickets generated from 30 -> 5. This is a much more reasonable count of items for the SRE on-call. THe failures are non-transient, and seem to require human analysis and intervention in order to resolve.
